<h1>Alpha-monoGames</h1>

Welcome to Alpha monoGames, a fun way to join a community of developers who want to be apart of the Web3 Blockchain Gaming Ecosystem. We have 12 Coins which include Signum, Ethereum, Solana, Polkadot, DOGE, Koinos, Hive, Wax, BSC, Pirate Chain, Dragon Chain and Zill that will be working together to build hopefully the next generation of games. Each blockchain will have a token represented in the monoGames ecosystem. Each blockchain can build a game using their token but will need to add the monoGames Token (MTG) as part of their reward system which includes a shares points daily reward which is given at then of every 24 hour period for 5 years as stated below and in the Tokenomics. 

How the share points system works is a player accumulates share points by completing required tasks that earn that player share points. All share points are tallied by all players at the end of the 24 hour period and are then rewarded with a dividend of the Daily Drop. So if I complete 1000 share points at the end of the 24 hour period and all other players had a total of 10,000 we tally the numbers 10,000 + my 1000 = 11,000 share points divided by the daily drop 21% (189,000,000,000) of the total monoGames Token (MTG 900,000,000,000) which is airdroped daily over 5 years (approx 103,561,643.8 daily) would work out like this 103,561,643.8 daily divided by 11,000 = approx 9,414.6 per share. So if I own 1000 share points I would receive 9,414,600 for example for that day.

Part of the tokenomics of monoGames is that 2% (18,000,000,000) of the total monoGames Token (MTG 900,000,000,000) which is air droped daily over 5 years (approx 9,863,013.6 daily) is allocated to the monoGames gaming developers who create Alpha, Beta and Expansion games. Every developer or team of developers who builds a game and maintains that game on monoGames is added to the air drop. 
All games that are added to monoGames ecosystem inherits part of the 21% (189,000,000,000) of the total monoGames Token (MTG 900,000,000,000) which is air droped daily over 5 years (approx 103,561,643.8 daily) for rewards in your game. So the more games added the more of that 21% is divided reducing the reward pool.

There are a few rules to keep the monoGames sustainable. We have two types of investors, player investors (1,000,000 of all 13 tokens) and whale investors (10,000,000 of all 13 tokens) who have staked alot of tokens who beleive in monoGames. They have paid up front for a great experience and a great return which all their funds are being used to develop monoGames. So as we are the developers we need to keep these investors happy with freebies. 

Think of this like bitcoin, early developers who create games will earn large amounts of monoGames Token (MTG) but as more developers are building and adding games that daily air drop (approx 103,561,643.8 daily) is divided into more developer reducing your earning capacity.

For tokens that can not add a token to their coin their will be a Signum.Swap added for that coin. Also if their is no current market place to host nft's of that coin their nft's will be on the Signum NFT Market Place. monoGames will put a dedicated team together in association with any coin to help build either the token and/or the market place for those that dont have them currently. monoGames is more than a game its about networking, developing, building relationships and innovating the blockchain ecosystem to thrive. One last hthing there is also a reward token too nftcrytpomix (NFTCM) that is also part of monoGames.

monoGames is more than building games we are about creating opportunities to give value for everyone in the ecosystem the way they want to earn. We are open to ideas and if you have any then please reach out to our <a href="https://discord.gg/5V4Y7y2gwV">discord</a> and let us know, we would love the feed back because monoGames is more than just games "were building a sustainable gaming ecosystem together with our ever evolving community".
